you
hey guys this is a shake from goddesses
calm and today we are going to talk
about an issue which has been there for
quite a long time now in the market as
well as across all the Apple users which
are kind of worried whether they are
actually using a genuine iPhone cable as
far as the lightning cable is concerned
or if they are using the fake one there
are a lot of fake iPhone cables which
are the lightning cables which are there
in the market which are already under
circulation in the market and they are
making a lot of money by selling these
fake lightning cables and in this video
I am going to tell you how you can
actually spot the differences in between
a genuine lightning cable and a fake one
so we have both of them with us as of
now and we have the cable over here this
one is the fake one whereas this one is
the genuine one and I'm going to tell
you all the differences in between these
two which will actually help you find
out whether you are using a fake
lightning cable or you have a genuine
one in case you experience any issues
while charging your device when you are
charged charging it from the charger
which you have the genuine charger of
iPhone you have and you are charging it
with the lightning cable and you have a
problem like you cannot use the keyboard
of the device and the display is not
responsive at that time or if it is
doing something on its own then in that
case you can be pretty sure that you are
using fake charger or you are using a
fake cable so that is something which
will help you identify whether you have
a fake one or not but in case you are
buying it from the market we are going
to tell you some of the differences
which you can actually take a look at
before you buy them and how you can
distinguish between the fake one and the
gen one so we have the genuine one over
here which looks like this and we have
the fake one over here which also looks
like the same so in terms of the kind of
duplication they have done they have
made sure that both of these cables will
look good but you can easily notice the
difference if you actually keep them
side-by-side you can notice the
difference in between the metals which
have been used on the fake one and the
material which has been used over here
as far as metal is concerned on the
genuine one and if you actually hold
them side-by-side you can easily notice
that the
which is there which supports this part
and the cable is actually much high in
terms of the weight much much material a
rigid material a stronger material
whether this one is kind of light thin
material which they have actually used
and this thing this thing you can feel
once you press it with your nail or with
your finger you can actually find it out
and again this is always going to be the
longer so if it is going to be the
longer that we use it is also a genuine
one but again it does not apply all the
time you might have this part is for
longer so again this part is something
with which you cannot identify most of
the time whether the fake one is this
one or this one is this one you cannot
actually make out the difference but the
major difference is actually being
noticed on this end which is the
lightening in so over here we have both
of these cables and as if now I can show
you that this is the genuine one and
this is the fake one and if I move them
very closer to the camera lens and let
me just focus them so now they are in
focus and now as you can see if you
notice both of these lightning cable
this cable over here which has the metal
part on the edges and on the surface
over here on this part it is actually
made up of single metal there is no
joint which you can notice in between
the edges and the surface at the top
whereas on this cable which is the fake
one you can easily notice the joint
which is there indicated with the line
that you have a different material over
here and you have a different material
on the edges and this is something which
will help you identify that this is a
fake one and the genuine genuine one
will always look like this there is a
page on the Apple website as well and I
we are going to write a post as well on
this so there are some images of the
fake lightning cable and the kind of
shape they have the kind of design they
have with which you can actually
identify which one is fake and which one
is genuine so on as of now the current
fake lightning cable which we have you
can easily notice the differences in
between these two with the help of this
part over here which is actually in two
parts this metal and this part is
actually two parts whereas on this one
if you actually take a closer look this
is one single piece of metal which is
being made to work and this is a much
better build quality as well if you take
a look on these cables from this and you
can notice the difference that the kind
of material which has been used over
here and over here is kind of different
but again that is something which you
may not be able to notice all the time
very precisely but the difference over
here which we highlighted before that
this is a single piece of metal and this
is not a single piece of metal it is a
joint metal which is being made and the
connected design is also something with
which you can actually identify the
connector lines are kind of wider over
here on this one on the genuine one
whereas they are very thin on this one
and they have a small lines over here
which is something which you will not
see over here so these are the
differences with which you can actually
identify whether you have a fake
lightning cable or a genuine one from
this point as well as from this point
you do have a special printing is will
which Apple do for their cables and
again that is not going to help you and
I tell you the reason so for example you
have a cable like this and you go to
this end and if you try to find out the
printing thing which you will see on
both of these cables let me just
separate them let me just show you this
part so if you go over here you can see
a section which is being printed on the
cable okay
over here as you can see so you have a
print over here which is saying designed
by Apple in California sample in China
and then you have a code same thing you
will get on the genuine one as well so
this is not something with which you can
actually identify a fake or the genuine
one because the printing is there on
both of them I don't know whether the
camera is focusing or not but there is a
print thing which is there on the cable
over here on the genuine one and they
have a code as well I don't know
it with the help of this code you can
actually identify the cable whether it
is genuine or not but as of now we are
not able to find out any difference in
between these two as far as the printing
is concerned but the differences which
we highlighted from this end as well as
from this end will actually help you
find out whether you have a fake
lightning cable or you have a general
one so that's all from us to let me know
if you have any specific question for
these cables or any fake products from
Apple which are coming from different
companies on the name of Apple we would
love to help you you can like this video
if this video helped you by clicking the
like button below you can subscribe to
our YouTube channel for more videos like
this by clicking the subscribe button
below thanks for watching this video
this is Abbie shake signing off and cue